README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<a href="https://mihon.app">
    <img src="./.github/assets/logo.png" alt="Mihon logo" title="Mihon logo" width="80"/>
</a>

# Mihon [App](#)

### Full-featured reader
Discover and read manga, webtoons, comics, and more – easier than ever on your Android device.

[![Discord server](https://img.shields.io/discord/1195734228319617024.svg?label=&labelColor=6A7EC2&color=7389D8&logo=discord&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://discord.gg/mihon)
[![GitHub downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/mihonapp/mihon/total?label=downloads&labelColor=27303D&color=0D1117&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF&style=flat)](https://mihon.app/download)

[![CI](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/mihonapp/mihon/build.yml?labelColor=27303D)](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/actions/workflows/build_push.yml)
[![License: Apache-2.0](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mihonapp/mihon?labelColor=27303D&color=0877d2)](/LICENSE)
[![Translation status](https://img.shields.io/weblate/progress/mihon?labelColor=27303D&color=946300)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/mihon/)

## Download

[![Mihon Stable](https://img.shields.io/github/release/mihonapp/mihon.svg?maxAge=3600&label=Stable&labelColor=06599d&color=043b69)](https://mihon.app/download)
[![Mihon Beta](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/mihonapp/mihon-preview.svg?maxAge=3600&label=Beta&labelColor=2c2c47&color=1c1c39)](https://mihon.app/download)

*Requires Android 8.0 or higher.*

## Features

<div align="left">

* Local reading of content.
* A configurable reader with multiple viewers, reading directions and other settings.
* Tracker support: [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net/), [AniList](https://anilist.co/), [Kitsu](https://kitsu.app/), [MangaUpdates](https://mangaupdates.com), [Shikimori](https://shikimori.one), and [Bangumi](https://bgm.tv/) support.
* Categories to organize your library.
* Light and dark themes.
* Schedule updating your library for new chapters.
* Create backups locally to read offline or to your desired cloud service.
* Plus much more...

</div>

## Contributing

[Code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) · [Contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Before reporting a new issue, take a look at the [FAQ](https://mihon.app/docs/faq/general), the [changelog](https://mihon.app/changelogs/) and the already opened [issues](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/issues); if you got any questions, join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/mihon).


### Repositories

[![mihonapp/website - GitHub](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=mihonapp&repo=website&bg_color=161B22&text_color=c9d1d9&title_color=0877d2&icon_color=0877d2&border_radius=8&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=2)](https://github.com/mihonapp/website/)
[![mihonapp/bitmap.kt - GitHub](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=mihonapp&repo=bitmap.kt&bg_color=161B22&text_color=c9d1d9&title_color=0877d2&icon_color=0877d2&border_radius=8&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=2)](https://github.com/mihonapp/bitmap.kt/)

### Credits

Thank you to all the people who have contributed!

<a href="https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/graphs/contributors">
    <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=mihonapp/mihon" alt="Mihon app contributors" title="Mihon app contributors" width="800"/>
</a>

### Disclaimer

The developer(s) of this application does not have any affiliation with the content providers available, and this application hosts zero content.

### License

<pre>
Copyright © 2015 Javier Tomás
Copyright © 2024 Mihon Open Source Project

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
</pre>

</div>

Commit message:

Update README to better reflect this project

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<a href="#">
    <img src="./.github/assets/logo.png" alt="Mihon logo" title="Mihon logo" width="80"/>
</a>

# Mihon [OCR](#)

### Full-featured reader
Discover and read manga, webtoons, comics, and more – easier than ever on your Android device.
(logo pending change)

<!--
[![Discord server](https://img.shields.io/discord/1195734228319617024.svg?label=&labelColor=6A7EC2&color=7389D8&logo=discord&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://discord.gg/mihon)
[![GitHub downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/mihonapp/mihon/total?label=downloads&labelColor=27303D&color=0D1117&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF&style=flat)](https://mihon.app/download)

[![CI](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/mihonapp/mihon/build.yml?labelColor=27303D)](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/actions/workflows/build_push.yml)
-->
[![License: Apache-2.0](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mihonapp/mihon?labelColor=27303D&color=0877d2)](/LICENSE)
<!--
[![Translation status](https://img.shields.io/weblate/progress/mihon?labelColor=27303D&color=946300)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/mihon/)
-->

## Download

<!--
[![Mihon Stable](https://img.shields.io/github/release/mihonapp/mihon.svg?maxAge=3600&label=Stable&labelColor=06599d&color=043b69)](https://mihon.app/download)
[![Mihon Beta](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/mihonapp/mihon-preview.svg?maxAge=3600&label=Beta&labelColor=2c2c47&color=1c1c39)](https://mihon.app/download)
-->
No releases at the moment! Stay tuned!

*Requires Android 8.0 or higher.*

## Features

<div align="left">

* Local reading of content.
* A configurable reader with multiple viewers, reading directions and other settings.
* Tracker support: [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net/), [AniList](https://anilist.co/), [Kitsu](https://kitsu.app/), [MangaUpdates](https://mangaupdates.com), [Shikimori](https://shikimori.one), and [Bangumi](https://bgm.tv/) support.
* Categories to organize your library.
* Light and dark themes.
* Schedule updating your library for new chapters.
* Create backups locally to read offline or to your desired cloud service.
* Plus much more...

</div>

## Contributing

[Code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) · [Contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Before reporting a new issue, take a look at the [FAQ](https://mihon.app/docs/faq/general), the [changelog](https://mihon.app/changelogs/) and the already opened [issues](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/issues); if you got any questions, join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/mihon).


<!--
### Repositories

[![mihonapp/website - GitHub](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=mihonapp&repo=website&bg_color=161B22&text_color=c9d1d9&title_color=0877d2&icon_color=0877d2&border_radius=8&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=2)](https://github.com/mihonapp/website/)
[![mihonapp/bitmap.kt - GitHub](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=mihonapp&repo=bitmap.kt&bg_color=161B22&text_color=c9d1d9&title_color=0877d2&icon_color=0877d2&border_radius=8&hide_border=true&description_lines_count=2)](https://github.com/mihonapp/bitmap.kt/)
-->

### Credits

Thank you to all the people who have contributed to the [Mihon](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon) project!

Notice: This project is unaffiliated with the [Mihon Organization](https://github.com/mihonapp).

### Disclaimer

The developer(s) of this application does not have any affiliation with the content providers available, and this application hosts zero content.


### License

<pre>
Copyright © 2015 Javier Tomás
Copyright © 2024 Mihon Open Source Project

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
</pre>

</div>
